this.
Listen,
we're gonna be looking at collapse.
So collapses what is typically used for Accordions.
If you want to hide some content and show different content,
this number of options,
we can toggle the elements.
You can only show one element if you want,
and you can have different targets and that will close and open,
depending on what content you want to present.
There's a number of options on what we're hiding and what we're showing,
and typically this type of thing is used as Accordions.
So where you've got header area,
you click the header that opens up the rest of the content but closes the already opened
part of the accordion.
And you can see this as the courting example here to giving a class of an accordion and
then structuring it with the right classes and attributes in order to make the
functionality.
And just like with everything else,
there's options with the JavaScript,
where you can select the collapse object.
And whenever there's a collapse event,
you can run some cold whenever that collapse happens.
So it's always there at the bottom of every component,
the different options,
how to integrate it with JavaScript So let's bring this into the project,
and we're gonna be working still with that still mean container and was in the main
container.
We're going to create our collapse object,
so creating an accordion type object.
We need a trigger on event to trigger.
So I'm going to use the hyperlink and clicking the hyperlink will open and show the
additional content.
Let's give it a button and button primary,
or that should actually say toggle content,
says you click it.
It will show in height additional content,
and then you need to content.
So creating a div and let's give this one a class off collapse,
and you also need an I D.
So that you can identify it from the data attributes of the button.
All right,
so there's some content and notice that because it's got a class of collapse,
it's not gonna be visible,
and collapse will automatically hide the content unless we do show and that will show the
class.
So we've seen those classes before,
so that was showed a content and you might have a lot of content.
So we want to do is want to be able to click the button and hide and show the content.
So the,
uh,
it's gonna link to whatever the I d is for the class that's hidden.
So it's paste that and still not doing anything yet because we still need to update the
attributes accordingly.
And we need to provide the different data toggle attributes.
So already given it a class,
and it's looking for data toggle,
and this is gonna be the attribute that's gonna provide the collapse functionality.
So when you add that now it's gonna hide and show the content,
you can have multiple buttons that high even show the content.
As long as they're linking to that same element,
they can both have the same effect,
so you can have as many buttons as you want that are hiding and showing the content there
contained within the collapse.
You can also have multiple targets as well,
and that means that we need to add some more elements and we're going to do three.
And right now we're still targeting that 1st 1 But let's add in a button that's gonna
target all of them,
so it's gonna open and close all of the and within the collapse,
let's give it a class of multi collapse.
And this is how we're gonna identify the elements that we want to collapse.
So it's going to be done through the class,
not through the i.
D.
And the data target is gonna be this multi collapse class,
and I'm gonna update this to be the danger.
So that will open and close all of them and then the data tart target.
We can specify the data target as well,
so that should be that should be specified as data target and equal that to the class multi
collapse.
And I'm mostly gonna add the data targets to the other one.
I didn't add them in.
They're still working,
but it's always best to add in that the target that we actually want to target It just
helps the JavaScript run the cord more smoothly so these ones will open and close just the
main one.
And then the toggle content will toggle all of them with the multi collapse class.
So that opens up all three.
And these just toggle the 1st 1 that we're identifying as the target.
Let's go down a bit and we're going to create an accordion,
accordion,
Zehr great way to present content to users and compact certain content.
If you have a lot of content that you're displaying and the concept is that it's got a head
area,
I'm gonna hide this stuff here.
It's got a head area and then just below it's got some content that might open up.
A good structure to use is to use the cards in order to create the various pieces of
content that are collapsing so each card would have a header on Lee.
The header is divisible visible by default,
and then clicking the header will open up the rest of the content.
So let's create a diff and give it a class.
So this is gonna be the card header and give it a value of one.
So clicking this one will open up the content below,
and the content below is just contained within a diff.
And that's the main def that's gonna hold all of the content and then within their let's
create other card body.
And this is the content that we want hidden by default,
so clicking one will open up the hidden content,
so we need to apply the classes accordingly.
to that so that we can hide and show the content and we might want to have more than just
the card body.
So that's why we wrapped it with another class.
And as soon as we add collapse that will hide that content because then Bootstrap knows
that this is content that needs to be hidden,
and I'm gonna add it in the header toggle.
So just as we saw before,
we need to identify that this is we need to provide attributes that this is data toggle
collapse.
And that's the effect that this element is gonna have in the attributes.
And then data Target is gonna target wherever we're trying to open and collapse the content
.
So this is where we need to have an I.
D.
And I give it called one So data target seal.
L won it.
We didn t identify it with the hash.
Now,
when we click the parent,
it opens and closes.
And if you want a group it together as one complete accordion,
let's give the total parent I d.
Of accordion and call it a c c mean And then within this collapse,
we identify the data parent and this will allow all of the cards to work together.
So the parent for this one is a C.
C.
Mean.
And now we can take the cards and we can duplicate the format so that we can have multiple
collapsible items and then just update the I DS.
And now they're all gonna work together.
Where if you open one,
it's gonna open that one,
and it's gonna close the other ones.
So any given time,
you're only gonna have one open and do a quick refresh.
And I'm gonna add some potting here.
Margin top five.
So there is some spacing between where we're targeting the content there and where we've
got the accordion that we created.
And so whatever content you create within the main parent that collapse parent with the I d
.
You can have as much content as you want added here,
and there's also the option to have the accordion open.
So if you want,
when it loads,
maybe you want the 1st 1 to show you can have that one open and the toggle is going to
still work the same way.
The idea is still the same that you can come in and you can toggle it.
But in this case,
when the page loads,
this one is open because we've added the class of show.